Hello everyone and welcome to despite an editorial in this video we are going to load the pre train
model from the section free of this course and make it ready to be used.
Fruit flies KPI the general way of saving and loading a model in the days upload 2.0 has two parts.
The first part is the model structure.
This part gives information on that apology of the network.
How many layers do we have.
What parameters it has.
What optimizer and what laws do we use.
After the training process of the model we have some learned weight and that is the second part of the
same model.
And this is why we have two different files.
After saving the model the first one is the Jason that has information about the model topology and
the second one is a dot age 5 that stores all learned the weights after the training process let's start
by opening our daughter Jason File right with open.
And here we need to specify two arguments a name or file and the method opening the file.
It could be read write or append.
In our case specify R since we want to read the file and for the second argument we need to provide
the file name so right fashion model flask.
Dr. Jason and you can check the file name here after that.
We need to specify a variable name that will contain the open model file.
I use f let's load the model now.
Right.
Model Jason is equal to FDR to read and now we have successfully read the models fracture.
Now that we have that information let's use it to create a model from it.
Right model is equal to the the care carers dot models.
And now there is a very intuitive function called model from Jason This function takes only one argument
and that is our variable that contains the whole model structure in our case that is a model Jason.
Select that part of the code and executed using controlled plus enter and we have successfully created
our model the next part is to load all pre trained wait for the model.
We can easily do that by using model that load weights.
This function takes only one argument as well.
If you remember we had this fashion model flask at that age 5 Fire which contains all learned weights
for the model in this case.
We only have to specify the file name and not open it separately from the model let's copy the first
part of the name and add dot age 5 at the end so like this line of the code and executed and now we
have our pre train model successfully loaded and that's it for now.
If you have any questions about this or anything else please post them in the comments section otherwise
I'll see in the next tutorial.